Update Eval.kt docs (#1378)
arrow-kt/arrow: modules/docs/arrow-docs/docs/docs/arrow/typeclasses/monad/README.md

#### followedBy/followedByEval

Executes sequentially two elements that are independent from one another.

> The [`Eval`]({{ '/docs/apidocs/arrow-core-data/arrow.core/-eval/index.html' | relative_url }}) variant allows you to pass lazily calculated values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Eval`]({{ '/docs/apidocs/arrow-core-data/arrow.core/-eval' | relative_url }}) variant allows you to pass lazily calculated values.
```

#### forEffect/forEffectEval

Executes sequentially two elements that are independent from one another, ignoring the value of the second one.

> The [`Eval`]({{ '/docs/apidocs/arrow-core-data/arrow.core/-eval/index.html' | relative_url }}) variant allows you to pass lazily calculated values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Eval`]({{ '/docs/apidocs/arrow-core-data/arrow.core/-eval' | relative_url }}) variant allows you to pass lazily calculated values.
```
